README.md, before:

# leetcode
Solutions in Go & Java of some Leetcode problems.

## Array
- [53-Maximum Subarray](problems/53-Maximum%20Subarray.md) **Easy**
- [121-Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](problems/121-Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.md) **Easy**
- [122-Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](problems/122-Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock%20II.md) **Easy**
- [169-Majority Element](problems/169-Majority%20Element.md) **Easy**
- [238-Product of Array Except Self](problems/238-Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self.md) **Medium**
- [283-Move Zeroes](problems/283-Move%20Zeroes.md) **Easy**
- [525-Contiguous Array](problems/525-Contiguous%20Array.md) **Medium**
- [560-Subarray Sum Equals K](problems/560-Subarray%20Sum%20Equals%20K.md) **Medium**
- [844-Backspace String Compare](problems/844-Backspace%20String%20Compare.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Counting Elements](problems/xxx-Counting%20Elements.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Leftmost Column with at Least a One](problems/xxx-Leftmost%20Column%20with%20at%20Least%20a%20One.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Perform String Shifts](problems/xxx-Perform%20String%20Shifts.md) **Easy**

## Linked List
- [202-Happy Number](problems/202-Happy%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [394-Decode String](problems/394-Decode%20String.md) **Medium**
- [876-Middle of the Linked List](problems/876-Middle%20of%20the%20Linked%20List.md) **Easy**
- [1019-Next Greater Node In Linked List](problems/1019-Next%20Greater%20Node%20In%20Linked%20List.md) **Medium**
- [1209-Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II](problems/1209-Remove%20All%20Adjacent%20Duplicates%20in%20String%20II.md) **Medium**

## Stack
- [84-Largest Rectangle in Histogram](problems/84-Largest%20Rectangle%20in%20Histogram.md) **Hard**
- [155-Min Stack](problems/155-Min%20Stack.md) **Easy**
- [394-Decode String](problems/394-Decode%20String.md) **Medium**
- [739-Daily Temperatures](problems/739-Daily%20Temperatures.md) **Medium**
- [844-Backspace String Compare](problems/844-Backspace%20String%20Compare.md) **Easy**
- [1209-Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II](problems/1209-Remove%20All%20Adjacent%20Duplicates%20in%20String%20II.md) **Medium**

## Tree
- [124-Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](problems/124-Binary%20Tree%20Maximum%20Path%20Sum.md) **Hard**
- [144-Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](problems/144-Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.md) **Medium**
- [543-Diameter of Binary Tree](problems/543-Diameter%20of%20Binary%20Tree.md) **Easy**
- [993-Cousins in Binary Tree](problems/993-Cousins%20in%20Binary%20Tree.md) **Easy**
- [1008-Construct Binary Search Tree from Preorder Traversal](problems/1008-Construct%20Binary%20Search%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20Traversal.md) **Medium**
- [1110-Delete Nodes And Return Forest](problems/1110-Delete%20Nodes%20And%20Return%20Forest.md) **Medium**

## Binary Search
- [33-Search in Rotated Sorted Array](problems/33-Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array.md) **Easy**
- [278-First Bad Version](problems/278-First%20Bad%20Version.md) **Easy**

## Heap
- [1046-Last Stone Weight](problems/1046-Last%20Stone%20Weight.md) **Easy**

## Graphs
- [207-Course Schedule](problems/207-Course%20Schedule.md) **Medium**
- [210-Course Schedule II](problems/207-Course%20Schedule%20II.md) **Medium**

## Trie
- [208-Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](problems/208-Implement%20Trie%20(Prefix%20Tree).md) **Medium**
- [211-Add and Search Word - Data structure design](problems/211-Add%20and%20Search%20Word%20-%20Data%20structure%20design.md) **Medium**

## Hashing
- [49-Group Anagrams](problems/49-Group%20Anagrams.md) **Medium**
- [771-Jewels and Stones](problems/771-Jewels%20and%20Stones.md) **Easy**
- [383-Ransom Note](problems/383-Ransom%20Note.md) **Easy**
- [387-First Unique Character in String](problems/387-First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.md) **Easy**
- [525-Contiguous Array](problems/525-Contiguous%20Array.md) **Medium**
- [560-Subarray Sum Equals K](problems/560-Subarray%20Sum%20Equals%20K.md) **Medium**
- [xxx-Counting Elements](problems/xxx-Counting%20Elements.md) **Easy**

## Greedy
- [55-Jump Game](problems/55-Jump%20Game.md) **Medium**
- [45-Jump Game II](problems/45-Jump%20Game%20II.md) **Hard**
- [678-Valid Parenthesis String](problems/678-Valid%20Parenthesis%20String.md) **Medium**

## Backtracking
- [79-Word Search](problems/79-Word%20Search.md) **Medium**
- [200-Number of Islands](problems/200-Number%20of%20Islands.md) **Medium**
- [695-Max Area of Island](problems/695-Max%20Area%20of%20Island.md) **Medium**

## Dynamic Programming
- [55-Jump Game](problems/55-Jump%20Game.md) **Medium**
- [64-Minimum Path Sum](problems/64-Minimum%20Path%20Sum.md) **Medium**
- [174-Dungeon Game](problems/174-Dungeon%20Game.md) **Hard**
- [221. Maximal Square](problems/221-Maximal%20Square.md) **Medium**
- [1143-Longest Common Subsequence](problems/1143-Longest%20Common%20Subsequence.md) **Medium**

## Custom Data Structures
- [146-LRU Cache](problems/146-LRU%20Cache.md) **Medium**
- [xxx-First Unique Number](problems/xxx-First%20Unique%20Number.md) *(Queue & HashMap)* **Medium**

## Bit Manipulation
- [136-Single Number](problems/136-Single%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [201-Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](problems/201-Bitwise%20AND%20of%20Numbers%20Range.md) **Medium**
- [476-Number Complement](problems/476-Number%20Complement.md) **Easy**

## Math
- [202-Happy Number](problems/202-Happy%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [263-Ugly Number](problems/263-Ugly%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Perform String Shifts](problems/xxx-Perform%20String%20Shifts.md) **Easy**

Commit message:

Added - 973. K Closest Points to Origin

README.md, after:

# leetcode
Solutions in Go & Java of some Leetcode problems.

## Array
- [53-Maximum Subarray](problems/53-Maximum%20Subarray.md) **Easy**
- [121-Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](problems/121-Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock.md) **Easy**
- [122-Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](problems/122-Best%20Time%20to%20Buy%20and%20Sell%20Stock%20II.md) **Easy**
- [169-Majority Element](problems/169-Majority%20Element.md) **Easy**
- [238-Product of Array Except Self](problems/238-Product%20of%20Array%20Except%20Self.md) **Medium**
- [283-Move Zeroes](problems/283-Move%20Zeroes.md) **Easy**
- [525-Contiguous Array](problems/525-Contiguous%20Array.md) **Medium**
- [560-Subarray Sum Equals K](problems/560-Subarray%20Sum%20Equals%20K.md) **Medium**
- [844-Backspace String Compare](problems/844-Backspace%20String%20Compare.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Counting Elements](problems/xxx-Counting%20Elements.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Leftmost Column with at Least a One](problems/xxx-Leftmost%20Column%20with%20at%20Least%20a%20One.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Perform String Shifts](problems/xxx-Perform%20String%20Shifts.md) **Easy**

## Linked List
- [202-Happy Number](problems/202-Happy%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [394-Decode String](problems/394-Decode%20String.md) **Medium**
- [876-Middle of the Linked List](problems/876-Middle%20of%20the%20Linked%20List.md) **Easy**
- [1019-Next Greater Node In Linked List](problems/1019-Next%20Greater%20Node%20In%20Linked%20List.md) **Medium**
- [1209-Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II](problems/1209-Remove%20All%20Adjacent%20Duplicates%20in%20String%20II.md) **Medium**

## Stack
- [84-Largest Rectangle in Histogram](problems/84-Largest%20Rectangle%20in%20Histogram.md) **Hard**
- [155-Min Stack](problems/155-Min%20Stack.md) **Easy**
- [394-Decode String](problems/394-Decode%20String.md) **Medium**
- [739-Daily Temperatures](problems/739-Daily%20Temperatures.md) **Medium**
- [844-Backspace String Compare](problems/844-Backspace%20String%20Compare.md) **Easy**
- [1209-Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II](problems/1209-Remove%20All%20Adjacent%20Duplicates%20in%20String%20II.md) **Medium**

## Tree
- [124-Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](problems/124-Binary%20Tree%20Maximum%20Path%20Sum.md) **Hard**
- [144-Binary Tree Preorder Traversal](problems/144-Binary%20Tree%20Preorder%20Traversal.md) **Medium**
- [543-Diameter of Binary Tree](problems/543-Diameter%20of%20Binary%20Tree.md) **Easy**
- [993-Cousins in Binary Tree](problems/993-Cousins%20in%20Binary%20Tree.md) **Easy**
- [1008-Construct Binary Search Tree from Preorder Traversal](problems/1008-Construct%20Binary%20Search%20Tree%20from%20Preorder%20Traversal.md) **Medium**
- [1110-Delete Nodes And Return Forest](problems/1110-Delete%20Nodes%20And%20Return%20Forest.md) **Medium**

## Binary Search
- [33-Search in Rotated Sorted Array](problems/33-Search%20in%20Rotated%20Sorted%20Array.md) **Easy**
- [278-First Bad Version](problems/278-First%20Bad%20Version.md) **Easy**

## Heap
- [973-K Closest Points to Origin](problems/973-K%20Closest%20Points%20to%20Origin.md) **Medium**
- [1046-Last Stone Weight](problems/1046-Last%20Stone%20Weight.md) **Easy**

## Graphs
- [207-Course Schedule](problems/207-Course%20Schedule.md) **Medium**
- [210-Course Schedule II](problems/207-Course%20Schedule%20II.md) **Medium**

## Trie
- [208-Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](problems/208-Implement%20Trie%20(Prefix%20Tree).md) **Medium**
- [211-Add and Search Word - Data structure design](problems/211-Add%20and%20Search%20Word%20-%20Data%20structure%20design.md) **Medium**

## Hashing
- [49-Group Anagrams](problems/49-Group%20Anagrams.md) **Medium**
- [771-Jewels and Stones](problems/771-Jewels%20and%20Stones.md) **Easy**
- [383-Ransom Note](problems/383-Ransom%20Note.md) **Easy**
- [387-First Unique Character in String](problems/387-First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.md) **Easy**
- [525-Contiguous Array](problems/525-Contiguous%20Array.md) **Medium**
- [560-Subarray Sum Equals K](problems/560-Subarray%20Sum%20Equals%20K.md) **Medium**
- [xxx-Counting Elements](problems/xxx-Counting%20Elements.md) **Easy**

## Greedy
- [55-Jump Game](problems/55-Jump%20Game.md) **Medium**
- [45-Jump Game II](problems/45-Jump%20Game%20II.md) **Hard**
- [678-Valid Parenthesis String](problems/678-Valid%20Parenthesis%20String.md) **Medium**

## Backtracking
- [79-Word Search](problems/79-Word%20Search.md) **Medium**
- [200-Number of Islands](problems/200-Number%20of%20Islands.md) **Medium**
- [695-Max Area of Island](problems/695-Max%20Area%20of%20Island.md) **Medium**

## Dynamic Programming
- [55-Jump Game](problems/55-Jump%20Game.md) **Medium**
- [64-Minimum Path Sum](problems/64-Minimum%20Path%20Sum.md) **Medium**
- [174-Dungeon Game](problems/174-Dungeon%20Game.md) **Hard**
- [221. Maximal Square](problems/221-Maximal%20Square.md) **Medium**
- [1143-Longest Common Subsequence](problems/1143-Longest%20Common%20Subsequence.md) **Medium**

## Sorting
- [973-K Closest Points to Origin](problems/973-K%20Closest%20Points%20to%20Origin.md) **Medium**

## Custom Data Structures
- [146-LRU Cache](problems/146-LRU%20Cache.md) **Medium**
- [xxx-First Unique Number](problems/xxx-First%20Unique%20Number.md) *(Queue & HashMap)* **Medium**

## Bit Manipulation
- [136-Single Number](problems/136-Single%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [201-Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](problems/201-Bitwise%20AND%20of%20Numbers%20Range.md) **Medium**
- [476-Number Complement](problems/476-Number%20Complement.md) **Easy**

## Math
- [202-Happy Number](problems/202-Happy%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [263-Ugly Number](problems/263-Ugly%20Number.md) **Easy**
- [xxx-Perform String Shifts](problems/xxx-Perform%20String%20Shifts.md) **Easy**
